Yeah, so that's basically it.
All this other stuff
doesn't really matter.
We already kind of covered some
of the stuff, you can look at it.
But let's just dive into
making a document QA.
Like I said,
it's very similar to semantic search.
It just goes a step further,
which makes it a little harder in my
opinion but It's really powerful.
I kinda like the document QA.
So, let's write some code here.
I'm just gonna make a new file,
I'm just gonna call this QA.js.
What we're gonna do here on this one,
I wanted kinda just to make it cool and
just show different use cases.
So, we're gonna do QA on two things.
One is gonna be a YouTube video.
If you haven't watched the podcast episode
that Friendly Masters had with Brian,
he's another instructor here, Brian Holt.
He's also like a really good
friend of mine, funny guy.
They did a podcast and it was really cool.
And we're gonna take that video and
we're gonna do QA on it.
So we can ask it questions
about anything in that podcast,
anything that was talked about.
We can ask you questions,
which is really cool.
So if you really wanna get to know, Brian,
it's actually going to
be a great exercise.
So we'll do that, and
then I also wanna show off that like,
it can index other things too.
So in the repo, if you go to the GitHub,
there is a Xbox PDF here.
If you click on it,
there should be a download button here.
Click that because we're going to
do QA on the Xbox PDF as well.
I think PDF is cool because
it's not structured.
It's not like a CSV, it's not like
a JSON file, I mean, look at this.
What is this, right,
this is basically unstructured content.
We're gonna do QA over this,
we're gonna teach the AI this PDF, so
you can ask it questions, and then
we're gonna put them in the same index.
And then we're gonna leave it up to the AI
to figure out if we're asking questions
about the podcast or
if we're asking questions about the Xbox.
And if those two things overlap,
we're gonna get some interesting results.
[LAUGH] If the Xbox starts talking about
Brian or Frontendmasters or Brian starts
talking about Xboxes, I don't know where
we're gonna get back, I don't know.
So, yeah, pretty cool, so
yeah, just download that and
then just drag it into your file or
to your repo here.
Okay, so I got that PDF,
got my qa.js, let's get to work.
So first thing first,
I'm gonna allow us to type in
a question from the command line.
That way we have to keep coming here and
writing the code.
So we can do that but first,
let's bring in our imports.
So the first thing we I don't know why
I didn't put the imports here, but
that's all right.
We're just gonna import openAI, like we
always have from the file that we created
unless you didn't create the file,
that's fine.
Then we pretty much need
the same thing Search has.
I'm just gonna go to Search,
I'm just gonna grab all that.
We need the document, the VectorStore,
and the OpenAI embeddings,
just we need all those.
Yeah, I think that's mostly it I
don't think we need anything else.
Wait no we do need one more,
we need what is it?
So, it's import from Lang chain is it,
yeah,
we need a tech splitter,
I wanna say it's from there.
I'm gonna need the character tech
splitter from lane chain tech splitter.
We'll talk about that in a minute, and
then we're gonna import two loaders,
one to handle the PDF and
one to handle the YouTube video.
So I think it's like lane chain,
document loaders,
yeah, what is this it is this
is important so we're FS and
then web and
YouTube okay starting with loaders FS and
then PDF for that and this is a PDF loader
And for the YouTube loader it's gonna
be linkchain slash document loader,
slash web, slash YouTube, like that.
Let me get rid of that CJ s on that area,
and then YouTube loader.
Cool, so we got that.
These two things the PDF loader and
the YouTube loader depend on some NPM
packages that we have to install.
So let's install those
packages are going to be,
I don't think I wrote them down,
so luckily they are here.
They're basically just
gonna be this PDF parse,
YouTube transcripts, and YouTube IJS.
So we'll download PDF parse.
We got that pdf-parse, we have
YouTube-transcripts And
then YouTube i.js.
YouTubei, or
I don't know what they're doing there,
but we wanna install those.
We won't be using them directly,
the loaders will be using this.
And this is probably the most used thing I
use from linkhain is the document loaders,
because they have so
many of these to go load things up.
They have one that will crawl a website,
they have one that will take a podcast.
They have one that will take a voice file
and convert that to text and load that.
Like, there's so many of them, and
it's not even the biggest one.
There's something called
Llama Index that's even bigger.
This one's insane they have tons of
loaders on here I just want to see
the page where they show the loaders
because it's quite massive you
should just have a page where it just
shows you all the ones that they had.
But they do the same
ones just even more but
it's only the only problem with
this one is it's mostly in.
Wait, they have TypeScript now.
I was gonna say it's
mostly just in Python.
Wow, they have JavaScript now?
This is insane, man,
I can't wait to use this.
But now I'm gonna show you the Llama Hub,
here we go, okay.
So these are all the document
loaders that they have.
So if you want to teach your AI about
something and it's somewhere else, yeah,
they have it.
So what do you want,
you got something in asana?
Here you go,
what about being searched, you got it.
[LAUGH] Dad jokes,
there's one for dad jokes.
I mean,
there's just a bunch of stuff in here that
you can use Gmail,
GitHub repos, Google drives.
I mean, if there's something that
you can feed AI is probably on here.
And it's all like a standard interface,
kind of like the document loaders that
we're using now in link chain,
so this is great.
Now that they have TypeScript support, I'm
really pumped because there's some really
cool stuff in here like OCR, like this
right here is like computer vision
that can like read things
like that's powerful.
It's just have this thing visually look
at this thing and get the information
from it, and then turn that into data
that I can then now search on or QA on.
It's crazy to think about that,
there's so many things you can do.
Yeah, so you can out for a little bit,
but this is really cool.
But like I said, lane chain right now,
that's what these document loaders are.
They're like a smaller subset of that,
and they have some really good ones too.
All right, so we got those,
let's make some things.
Yeah, so first thing we wanna is,
let's do this.
Let's get our question, so our question
is gonna be either process.argv2.
If you don't know what that means,
that just means if I'm
on the terminal,
let's say I run this file, node QA,
okay, this would be argv0,
this would be argv1.
And then anything after
this would be arg v2.
So whatever I type here,
so I wanna capture that.
That's what that is, right?
You wanna put that in quotes because
if you don't put that in quotes,
it's gonna take each one of these
words is a different argument.
You've got to put the whole thing in
quotes, so it's just one argument.
So this is argv2, this is me just
collecting whatever the hell you
typed after the second thing, okay?
So that's what that is or
if you don't put anything, just hi or
whatever you want as a default, and then
here's the YouTube video to that podcast.
I'm just gonna copy that.
Click on it, you can clearly see it is
that YouTube video there, so we're good,
and next thing we wanna do is create
a function that creates a store.
This should be very familiar,
we just did this, right, so let's do that.
CreateStore, it takes in some docs that
are already formatted from somewhere else.
And we're just gonna make our
memory vector store from docs.
And we're gonna pass in the docs, and
then we're gonna pass in a new OpenAI
embeddings, literally what we did before.